she's credit international thought may I
help you change 400 absolutely is there
anything else I can do for you today sir
you're about to be robbed huh robbing
the bank you're here for the vaults
right you guys said something about the
ATM money so then what's the problem are
you seriously suggesting that we're all
the same back yeah why not this guy's
nuts all right let's bank opens at 5am
by that time my colleagues and I will be
longer you will not try to escape you
will not make noise is the most pathetic
group of hostages I've ever seen behind
schedule another three guy Lancelot is a
cycle where do those buoys in the lobby
playing with weapons-grade plastic
explosives how many banks have you
robbed like dozens yeah what are you
doing I'm looking for a way out did you
not hear the part where they said they
would kill us oh my god like me I do not
like you see my goodies we like you
really didn't think I had a shot this
why extra sad when a hot chick dies when
ugly chick dies they life probably
sucked anyway so it's no big deal
they're gonna kill himself did you
murder hot you know it didn't know I
suppose you wankers didn't all right
nope what's happening there's only one
possibility this is gonna Bank Robbery
this isn't organized ambush oh come on
if they want to kill us we kill him
first cool plan I'm never gonna get out
of this Bank along what a thousand
things go go to my mind right now and I
have to think about the kiss deal are
you kidding me please don't kill me on
the toilet you know I just got my little
girl some racist nothing bring the pot
know and they call us criminals we
should have been dentists
you